Subtitles by explosiveskull
Mierda
Ok, sorry. We shall
start over again
Alright. Hi everybody.
This is gonna be the
beginning of our journey
It's me, going to get
a little flashlight
Little, but very very powerful
Anyway, enough chatter
Let me explain what
you're gonna see
It will be me, my buddy Bart
That crazy violent bastard
And the whole bunch from Riga
where we met while attending
the Erasmus program
At least some of us...
...in fact, Mandy came from the US for
some other reason I can't remeber
Well, the thing is
Gioia, the italian girl,
invited us to a castle
lost in the woods,
in the North of Italy
and she told us the place
is haunted
by a witch
Vanja went crazy for that
he said we shouldn't go
but it looks like he's pretty
curious about the whole thing
he's studying to be a priest
I must leave you now
See you in Montemale
It will be so much fun
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Land of
weirdos
Please John, you've gotta
put that thing down
Hey, just relax, you know you're
far more presentable than that one
You'll give a very good
impression, I'm sure
They will be super-happy
getting to know you
Listen, John, I...
See? It's even on time,
although we're in Italy
Prepare yourself. Quickly.
Couldn't we just say "hello!"?
No way. Go. Lean over there.
there
John
Are you planning to bother us with
that thing for the whole trip?
It's a pleasure to see you,
too, Gioia. How was your trip?
Good
Vanja, just hold this, please
Bart, let me hug you
How are you, man?
I'm sorry, I don't smoke
May I, miss?
Guys, here is Eveline,
my lovely girlfriend
I just can't believe it
I was going to ask her
out for tonight - Well done
I couldn't help getting you
guys in touch with her
I'm sure you will find
yourselves nicely together
Alright, hi everybody
I know it was supposed to be a reunion
trip between Erasmus friends, but
John kept insisting
I hope it won't be
a bother for you
What are you talking about, Eve? If
you're with John, you're with us
Oh, I already love you
So what do you
think about her?
...eventually that doesn't
concern you, I hope...
John, please, it's only a
matter of time, you'll see
...I will persuade you to
enter the seminary as well
Oh yeah, you can count on that
So guys, what shall we do?
Alcohol shopping?
Oh John, come on
The most capacious
trunk of its type
Best grip
Best quality of the finish
Reliability, endurance,
cost effectiveness
Come for a free ride at
the nearest dealership
Come on, John,
we're leaving
No way
- you were actually shooting a video?
- Why surprised, Gioia?
He's been chasing us with
that camera all the time
he's quite a puzzling lad
We were not being exactly
"rational" that night
You too were so cute
Listen here: Piemonte,
land of masche
Land of... what?
masche
people who mumbles,
while casting a spell
Apparently, this castle was one of the
historical residence of Joanna of Naples
because this countries, as all being
part of the County of Provence
belonged to the
Kingdom of Naples
and Joanna was the last of its
name to rule over both territories
eventually, rumours has it she
was quite an easy woman
and therefore she
didn't have any heir
but only lots of lovers
Go, Joanna...
she managed not to get trapped
Truth is that she was a
very good female ruler
and that's why
they used to talk
behind her back...
many resenting men
Good, Gioia...
you did your homework
Oh-oh, "girl power"
I wonder who did they expect
to see arriving at their door
Maybe an innocent
family on vacation
Poor kids, can you imagine how
scared they would be by them?
John, hey, John
come up here
look
This must be my room
If that...
if that makes you happy...
He's saying that the
kitchen we've just seen...
...was the kitchen
of a rich manor...
...but now is just powered
by a gas tank, so...
let's not...
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to..
The door is closed
...ok, this part is forbidden
- ok ok
- this part only is for rent
ok, the living room is here
what's in there, John?
I think they use to
have watchers here...
- ...I see monitors...
- Monitors?
...but I bet
they're not working
Alright, the owner told me they were
planning to turn it into a resort
Yes, sorry
It's the old watcher's
lock out post...
...but it's not in use anymore
Thank you, mr...
...you and your wife
have been very kind
My friend Mandy, thanks you very
much and says you've been very kind
We should take a
picture all together
Mandy, maybe this
people don't want to...
Oh come on,
don't be ridiculous
Ok, perfect
Ok, great, let's go
Ok, you guys ready?
Three, two, one...
...oh my God, it's disgusting
- ...I look terrible
- No, you don't
And you Bart, you turned away
Gioia you even closed
your eyes - Sorry
I mean, come on,
let's take another one
Ok... quick.
Three, two, one...
Yeah... that's a little better
...wait
what the...
That's incredible...
...whoever is missing
this panorama, up to me,
doesn't even deserve to live
Oh, oh, luckily this one
will escape my fury
turn around so you won't
have to kill yourself
Hey, please, we're
here just to have fun
You know how it works, John...
...if you wanna be romantic
you can't act like an idiot...
...the two things just
don't go together well
Couldn't we just avoid talkin' crap
and think about our plan for tonight?
Ya, well said Bart,
I'm gonna go get changed
You look great even like this
you know that, you beauty?
Oh, John, you
understand nada...
just, vanish
I don't know... maybe I
should let it go, but...
...it's that thought that
doesn't let me go
I'm so curious about
understanding it
it's just as if this
story concerns me
Well, I can see that
paths of temptation are
various and powerful
but that's exactly why we
must prove we are stronger
consciousness can help faith
but there are also boundaries
you shouldn't go beyond
What?
guys, what are
you talking about?
- I see, you did put 2+2 together, too, right?
- John, please
Well, come on
"forbidden wing",
"Mr and mrs Di Napoli",
- ...medieval Spice Girl
- Her name's Joanna
Alright, alright, Joanna...
but who's she?
we didn't really
get to know that
You wouldn't really
"enjoy" discovering that
...not you - not him, not
me, I'd say neither Mandy
can we just stop that here?
How about that?
It doesn't even involve
you, apparently
If ever I'll get the opportunity
I couldn't help catching it
that would be quite
a big discovery
Maybe Bart is right, Vanja...
just let it be: it's fairy
tales, only fairy tales
Eve, what do you think?
I don't know...
I think you're missing
an amazing sunset
Well said, Eve
let's go, Mandy
wait
where's Mandy?
Hello...
Oh, very good, Bart
I was just running
out of alcohol
We shall thank you, Lord,
for all that you give us
Gioia's pasta and...
beer
Yeah, sure...
thank the Lord
I wanted to thank you all
thanks to everybody
I love you and...
I'm sorry for ruined your trip
Don't say that.
Why should you?
we love you, too
I told you you'd be fine here
you stubborn
To Eve...
let's chug it
To Eve
Hope you don't
mind if I swig it
Hey, wait. Wait a minute
Fuck it! Let's just go
Let me show you a
little trick I learned
from Gioia's fellow countrymen
in Erasmus - What exactly
are you talking about?
Everybody knows: italian
guys
are the slickest
Go on, Bart, I wanna see
what's behind that stupid door
Thank you, Mandy, for this
Where did you get that?
So, this is definitely something
you don't learn on the Internet
Learn on the Internet?
Oh my God
what's the world coming through?
Quiet
This is definitely
interesting stuff
Cinéma direct
One
Two
Three
Four
everyone is ready to find out where
the ancient ghosts of this castle
keep their cleaning tools?
Freeze
I'll go first
It's been even too easy
not a long time passed
since the last one
opened it
And just like Indie
in the Temple of Doom
here is our heroes
moving forward
in the darkness
John, am I really the
one who as to be teased?
What are you gonna
do with that, Mandy?
Fashion advices
for black masses?
Hey, that's not a bad idea
Hey girls, look over there
John
What the hell
...is this?
An old book, John
Cleaning tools, uh?
What's this, Vanja?
Do you know that?
It might be
no wait
What?
Earlier Vanja talked about
a book written by Joanna
a cursed book
Well, technically to be cursed
is not the book,
but the ones who read it
Very well
we found out the
breakthrough for tonight
Come on, Bart,
give it to Vanja
so he can bother us
with a cursed sermon
I won't read that book
and for sure not from here
Alright, alright...
let's go back to the hall
Yeah, let's go back
Gioia, do not...
...well it can't
really be, come on
It's written in latin
Then it could really be
How do you know it's
written in latin?
I studied it at school,
I can recognize it
not that I remember
it so well, but
I'd like to take a better look
Jesus
John, you jerk!
keep your grabby hands off of me
And...
cut! Perfect
And just like in
"Raiders of the lost ark"
here's our villains
unveiling the cursed trunk
Shut up, retard
let's listen what Miss
Di Napoli has to say
Quiet, you two
let's create a nice mood
Gioia, please
I'll give it a try
it seems quite simple but...
Vanja, will you help me?
I told you we shouldn't...
Please, please I beg you,
just don't be a pain in the ass
Ok
Upon this papers here,
I seal the memories
of Joanna of Anjou
sovereign of the Kingdom fo
Naples, who never got married
and lived as a free
and happy woman
Correct, but...
...I don't think it's a
good idea to go on
What? Oh, come on, it
seems interesting to me
hear this
My people keeps hating me
and these lines are
dedicated to them
so that they can
learn the...
...virtue?
Yes
...virtue of gratitude,
which they totally ignore,
as for their lack of wisdom
I see
That's abusive words
...go further, let's see if
she can scold them even more
...everyone of
them shall be cursed
those who
just for my habit
of spending my time
behind these walls
in solitude
declared me a...
Vanja, this stands
for witch, right?
I don't...
Yes, Gioia, yes
it's exactly as I feared
Let's go further
...they declared
me a witch,
spreading a bad
reputation about me
in perpetuum
I've been a good ruler
but still they
weren't grateful
shall them be cursed...
Gioia close that
book immediately
or we will seriously regret that
"or we will
seriously regret that"
Vanja, please stop
nobody follows you
...If my morals, as
they're defined loose
have offended you
right to that point
you shall than suffer
an equal injury
beacause I'm not the one
who deserve your hatred
but it's truly the
other way round
Shall my anger fall...
Ok, monk
Let's just let Joanna be
But now you're dancing with me
- Come on
- No, Gioia, please...
Music
I definitely cannot miss that
Come on, come on,
Vanja, loosen up
loosen up
Shit, battery is dying
wake up
What the fuck!
Go away, go away!
Good morning
Let's go downstairs, come on
Five more minutes
Okay, than you'll give me an
explanation
about the destination
for nightime wandering
What are you talking about?
Tonight I woke up, I
was awake for a while
and you were not there
Eve,
maybe you don't know that,
but John is well known for his
"nightime robberies"
at the fridge
They're just fantasies
Did you get up on the
wrong side of the bad?
Yes - Let me go check if
you left anything to drink
Go, go
Good morning, miss
- Morning, Bart
- Morning
What's up, guys?
where is...
Vanja is outside for a walk
- do you want some?
- Why not
John, listen to this
You know, Gioia download some
papers about the
story of the castle
Wait... downloaded?
Yeah, she did
back at home... still no
connection here, don't worry
Yeah... interesting...
but
I'm having breakfast now
I found a text about
our friend Joanna
It says
she adored this place
but local people thought
she was a masca
which means
witch. remember?
and
apparently
she used to
bring her lovers here
to drive them crazy in love
And one of them,
named Caracciolo,
lived here with her
for a few years
except she sudden left him once
and he jumped out the window,
as he couldn't stand the pain
...and the Queen got quite
hit by his extreme actions
rumours say she
still around here
remorseful,
looking for a body to possess
in order to
come back to life
and to get back to the
feelings she used to get
Right...
how do you know that?
Don't you remember?
I am a powerful clergyman!
No, I... I've studied,
too, you know
Well... shall we eat, though?
thanks for cooking, Bart
what's the plan for tonight?
well, maybe, it's an
electrical contact
...or maybe,
is Joanna calling?
what do you think, Vanja?
Joanna's calling!
will you answer that?
you're not as funny
as you once were
you shitty priest
farewell
Bart
I couldn't help
thinking about you
what can I do?
I don't...
All these years
so many times, I...
I realized that I can't really
get that night out of my mind
Gioia, you know, what happens
in Erasmus there remains
How can you say that?
you're lying to yourself
and you know that
We already talked
about it, ok?
Yeah, we talked
about it on Skype
I wouldn't say you
would have the courage
to tell me the same
things in person
John! Mind your own business
Ok, I'm sorry
It's just that I was
getting into it
I don't know...
If... this place...
maybe... we should just go away
That won't happen
Gioia, I understand
your point, but
we have two more days here
it's not a long time
let's enjoy
You're right, but, Vanja...
Vanja...
...don't mind Vanja's words
curses just don't exist
It's us that a...
...that actually exist
Well said!
And me...
I still got to shoot something
and so...
cut!
Hello guys!
Unfortunately there's no
internet connection here
so you're gonna see this once
I'll get back to the 21st century
So
If
you end up in a place like this
remember not to bring a furnished
collection of clothes with you
because no one is gonna
rightfully evaluate it
If
and I'm saying "If"
you get the chance to
spend a nice evening, with
quite an atmosphere
no one is gonna notice
what belt you wear
or if you wear a even or
odd number of bracelets
Yeah, that's quite a drama!
Ok, good
let's see what you're
able to do, bud
Understand?
even if we achieve great
results through science
how do we know
how it is generated?
the source must be supernatural
beyond human comprehension
I understand, but
If there were a god, don't you think
he would show up a little more?
God already shows up
but the eyes we need to see him
are not these ones
they are these ones
and then these ones
Well done, Vanja!
Now I figured it out
it's all about picking up girls
Don't be silly, John,
we were just talking
okay? Mind your own
business instead
Why would you...
What's up, John?
I can hear noises
Noises?
from where?
As if they were...
...behind the wall
that's us, Eve
that's us, last night
What the fuck?
Let's go see
Vanja, you come with us
Quiet
wait...
I'll take off the headphones
can you hear that?
they come from behind that door
Well, yes... I think so
Yes, they can
hear, John, go on
What the fuck is going on?
right...
...it's us
sleeping
Old monitors not in
use anymore, uh...
that old bastard!
What's wrong with the picture?
it looks like it's trembling
somebody is
fast-forwarding it, buddies
what's the meaning of all this?
are they spying on us?
Wait. What is that shadow?
I've got an idea
What do you mean?
Nothing
I told you you woke up
What?
I can't remeber that
I...
Eve...
listen to me, please
my love, listen to me, please...
I have no memory of that
I swear!
John always acts
like the idiot he is
it's not your fault
I really don't understand
your stupid idea, but
we have a bigger problem now
And what is that?
Why is the oldie spying on us?
Hey, wait...
what is that?
Gioia, I thought...
Nightwalking, uh?
how about getting some sleep?
There's more of a problem
look
I have to protect you, Gioia
You said we shouldn't read it!
Ok. I don't wanna
be here anymore!
let's go back to the hall
Let's go back
What were you
planning to do, Vanja?
I can't see that
You should, instead
I explained that to you
you must face those things
you can't just let them go
there's no way out
So why did you ask
to stop reading it?
Because I thought we
still had the chance to...
Guys, what are
you talking about?
- me and Mandy - am I right Mandy?
- we just can't understand
once in a while
I feel the same as her
Oh, did I hurt you?
Gioia's right
Vanja had as fooled
Yeah, that's the point
I didn't!
I just wanted to save us, but
seeing what happened tonight
I'm afraid is actually too late
What do you mean?
I think what happened
between you and John
it's not really your fault...
nor his
it's the Book
Yeah, right
how didn't I think about it?
whenever I'd get caught
in bed with a girl
I can always say
it's because of a Book
that's clever, Vanja
Quiet Bart, Eve and John
are still arguing...
Hey, hey, I was only
teasing him, ok?
Eveline
a great power
is sealed inside the book
a power that
can take control of our actions
You're just a lier, a cheat
how can you defend him?
I wouldn't believe you'd
like that retard so much
I don't
I know what I'm talking about
we should all be aware...
Right, well
I'll show you how aware I am
Eveline, please, don't do that
- I cannot force you to...
- I...
...Joanna of Anjou,
I shall curse you
you fools, you means,
you miserables
I dedicated to
you my life
and my sweat... and
that's how you reward me
You will pay
your blood price
that will continously
flow from your veins
my name will echo
in your ears
Joanna of Anjou,
Joanna of Naples
Joanna "masca"
Vanja, what did she read?
what's going on?
It's a curse, it's
a terrible curse
- Are you alright?
- Yes
- Curse, uh?
- Yeah
Bullshit...
it must have happened
something outside
I'm really sick of you
just go to hell,
all of you
Eve...
are you there?
would you let me in?
how about you
coming down to eat?
everybody is seated and ready
No
Well
I could say you would have liked
to be on your own for a while, so
I brought you something to eat
can I come in?
Just go away
Nothing
she won't come downstairs
no moving scene
narrating the big...
...Eve's return
Stop
I know I'm gonna
regret this, but
just keep the camera on
we should create
a nice atmosphere
What do you mean?
Let's just forget
this bad moment
it's us five
as it was in Riga
and this is definitely
something to record
But... I...
Eveline
she's all alone in her room
You can't really
do anything, John
I'll have to figure out
what trouble did she got in
by reading that page of the Book
Vanja, stop this
nonsense and shut up
Right, isolation
is not good for her
nevertheless
we need to wait the right moment
to break it, in the right way
it won't be only a matter
of time, I'm afraid
Yes, but
we shall not do it right now
Bart's right
we should enjoy the night
What do you want?
Leave me alone
What's wrong with you?
Have you watched, Bart?
Mandy, John...
after what happened...
it's so wrong
It's always been like this
far worse things happened in
Erasmus, you know that
Worse?
now we come to this very point
you don't even want to pretend that
was something nice to remember
I didn't mean that, Gioia
it's us
us five
like in the past
and it's a good thing, right?
Not everything
is exactly the same
John, come on, stop it
hey guys
come over here,
all of you
smile
Gioia
what are you doing here?
is everything alright?
That's just what was missing
couldn't you give a hand instead
of causing me a stroke?
I'm sorry, I didn't
want to scare you, I just...
wanna be quiet
Quiet?
have you heard all this noise?
What noise?
Do you mean...
The piano, the radio
I heard nothing, Gioia
How about you being
awake, though?
did you go back to
the forbidden wing?
What?
you still don't get it...
What should I get?
Vanja, I don't like
what's going on here
maybe Eveline shouldn't
be coming with us
Do not blame Eveline
hatred must not be fed
I've never said
I hate her
do I look like I could?
I just said
she's not good for the
balance of the group
Oh, it's not only that
we could have caused some...
derangement, here
there are forces that are
actually trying to...
...arise and we just...
...tickled them
You scare me this way, Vanja
Just trust God...
Gioia
it's so simple
Maybe it's so simple,
maybe we should just go away
It's not a solution, we
can try indeed, but...
We've awaken something
that won't leave us so easily
it will follow, everywhere
until we face it
what are you talking
about, Vanja?
Actually
I'm too tired
to understand it
Take some rest,
you might need it
Ok
see you tomorrow
Night, Gioia
Bart
hey, buddy
are you awake?
What's going on, John?
Don't you hear that?
John,
I was going to smash
your face once, remeber?
and I should have
ok, good, you got it
now, why the hell you wanna
start from where we left?
I suggest you to put
that...
evil toy down
and go away
understand?
Quiet
can you hear that?
What the hell...
Let's go, Bart
I wanna find out what it is
It must be Vanja
apparently monks are worse than
priests at making sick jokes
Oh, come on
still nothing...
what the hell
Are you happy now?
Doesn't it look odd to you?
nobody's upstairs
No
it doesn't look "odd" to me
it's the wind
Right
or maybe some giant bird
just nested upon the
chandelier support on the wall
Yeah...
giant bird
John, I'm going back to bed
I know that...
...that thing
is not comfortable
but I don't give a shit
so I advice you to do
the same thing
good night
So...
even our Spielberg,
here, fell in the trap
he wakes me up in the
middle of the night
for a swinging chandelier
does it make any sense?
Who the hell is
having fun behind us?
Him
John
you know
you're the first suspect, right?
- Me?
- Yeah
I am the victim
I have to sleep
in that fuckin'...
shit, what a stiffneck
But I swear is not even Vanja
- Are you sure?
- Yeah
- Hey
- John
Shut up
Hey, Vanja
what do you say?
how do you explain all the
things that happened?
What do you want, John?
- Just leave me alone
- No, I won't
I wanna know what your God
would say about these jokes
I bet you're one of
those, aren't you?
Those?
Yeah, right:
those who?
Those ones who hear the voices
and carry out
supernatural orders
like Joanne d'Arc, just
to stay among "Joannas"
Come on, guys
there must be an explanation
either John is a retard,
either John is stupid
it's quite simple
Hey now, you listen to me
I can't let you say this things
ok? I'm not stupid
- I'm...
- Stop!
stop it, you two
stop it everybody
you mustn't fight
you'll make things worse
Vanja, we're trying to
overcome our fears, don't...
You don't get it
nobody does
I have to go
Where?
I go
where I can stay in
peace, together with God
I go praying
as you all should do,
together with me
Yeah, praying...
asshole
Ok...
I'm getting back inside
Oh come on, Mandy, do
not make a scene, you too
Please don't tell me you're
considering the idea of going by foot
It will be a half-day
walk, at least
No cellphones working, yet?
No
I'll call the janitor
he gave me his number
and may Vanja's God end it well
meaning he comes
and pick us up, immediately
I'll make the call
Oh come on, Gioia,
let Bart call
He would trust the voice
of a girl more than a boy
it's far better
If that's your wish
let's hope he answer, though
Number, please
0 6
9 8
9 3
No service
What are you talking about?
Give it to me
Ok, we need to stay calm
Is there anything going
on track today or what?
I said we need to stay calm
Yeah, indeed, guys
we just need to relax
tomorrow the van will be back
we can get a ride to the city
Yes, but,
what do we do now?
we make a video-review
of this shitty place
and ruin the reputation
of the oldies, uh?
do you wanna go first?
No, John drop that
ok, ok
let's wait for Vanja to
be done with his prayers
in the end
it's all about us
together
including him
Gioia please don't
start with this...
Yeah, let's move forward
and first of all
let's take Eve back to us
Eve?
hey, it's us
only girls
would you let us
in for a moment?
Eve
we have to talk
if you won't let us
in, please come out
we need to know
what to do next
Eve, come on, please
- we just wanna leave
- But...
we need to stick together
in order to do that
how about...
...coming down to
talk about that
down in the hall
Please, Eve, come on
I beg you, I'm sorry
but please come
out here now
Eve! what's going on?
Eve
where are you?
Shit...
She's not there
but...
she didn't even jumped off
the window, don't worry John
Let's go look for her
Ok, but...
...we need someone
that stays here,
just in case she comes back
I'll stay here
you go and find her
Are you sure, Mandy?
Eve could be angry with you
I know but
I have to apologise to her
even if it wasn't my fault
maybe if we find ourselves alone
it would be easier to talk
Good call, Mandy
Ok, let's go then
Guys
nothing, just
please come back soon,
if you can't find her
Mandy,
lock yourself into
the room if it feels safer
we'll be back in a minute
Ok
I'll see you in a minute
In a minute
Hi everybody
today's vlog is
dedicated to all of you
who can stop thinking
about the holidays
so
what do you think the
best training suit for...
Guys
If she's not outside
where did she possibly go?
I don't really understand
maybe she's back in her
room talking to Mandy
Let's go back upstairs
wait a minute, guys
maybe I should go by myself
Ok,
- are you sure John?
- Yeah
would you mind to wait?
Ok, Bart
I'll go get my stuff
in my bedroom
would you take me there?
I'll stay here just
in case she comes back
she would take the
stairs sooner or later
Okay, if I don't find her
I'll be back here
with Mandy, ok?
Ok, perfect
Mandy?
Eve?
could you please open the door?
come on
first of all let's leave
this fucking place
we will talk about everything
once we'll be back in town
What the fuck...
oh shit!
shit!
Jesus Christ...
shit
Help me
please
Vanja, help me, please
I can't understand
Don't you worry
where is Gioia?
What?
Where is Gioia?
Gioia is here, with me
Who are you?
I'm the one
who resides inside here
Tell me your name
Xariar Imne
I can't understand
that language
that's useless
Lilith, Hekmet,
Abrahel, Molock
Oh Lord,
you great, you God
set us free, oh Lord
set us free from any kind
of evil spell, charme, sourcery
from any occult evil
oh Lord, set us free
from any evil spell
from any istinct
of death and distruction
we shall ask in prayer
You fear me,
you dirty...
No
it's you that fear me
you fear my faith
in the name of which
I order you to leave
this body in peace
I am killing you
No
in the name of God
I send you back, Joanna
I send you back to Hell
to the flames you came from
To you
who swear at the one
that guarded on yourselves
To you
who's holding
pitchforks and sticks
To you
who settled this country
who does not own a single
crumb of this Kingdom
I shall dedicate
to you all these
words and whispers
I shall send to you
my tireless spirit
so that
it could harass
your sleep
and by tying
this rope
around my neck
I shall extract my soul
and this
unbearable burden
that you're now
putting on me
I shall put it on you
To you
and your posterity
for ever
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org